Add attribute query and delimiter details to ohai command line documentation (#3699)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/ctl_ohai.md

The following examples show how to use the Ohai command-line tool:

### Query for a specific attribute

To query for an attribute with the ohai command-line tool, pass the attribute
as an argument

```bash

> ohai os

Reviewer: It's probably worth mentioning what recipe style attributes these map to: `ohai os` being the same data as `node['os']`

Author: Good idea, I've added that that in 43ffb7e0a78818dceffb3a192303c1206df48434

The following examples show how to use the Ohai command-line tool:

### Query for a specific attribute

To query for an attribute with the ohai command-line tool, pass the attribute
as an argument

```bash
ohai os
```

> Which would fetch the value found within Chef in `node[:os]` and return 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which would fetch the value found within Chef Infra's node data at `node['os']` and return 
```

Author: Good idea, that's better language

Author: Since I merged this GitHub Suggested change from @tas50 the commit wasn't "Signed-Off by" and so the DCO CI check is now failing. Do I need to do anything to address that?
